Let's say you trade an orderflow
strategy. [music] Something very simple.
If a candle has a large positive delta
and it crosses above the previous
[music] day's high, you go long. And
similarly, if it has a large negative
delta [music] and it closes below the
previous days low, you go short. Now,
here is where things get [music]
interesting. Rather than eyeballing
this, you can let SH GPT code the entire
strategy for you. You back test [music]
it over the past 10 years to actually
see the performance. and you optimize
the delta threshold. Find out which
level historically [music]
did the best job in filtering the bad
trades. That alone is a massive step
forward in your trading journey. And
this is just scratching [music] the
surface.